Hold on. Shit…
These sticks are such
a pain in the ass to adjust.
I wish the network
would get us better equipment.
Quit your complaining, sweetheart!
You know why you’ve looked amazing
for the past 15 years?
Because I’m the one
holding the camera’s ass.
So let me do my thing.
It's all me.
Oh, yeah right!
The camera loves me, Luisito.
It's got nothing to do with you.
At least you’re not holding this…
…disgusting microphone.
What's Andrea doing with it
during the evening shift?
Seriously.
I mean…
At least it’s all dried up…
Want some of this?
No, I’ll pass.
Gabi?
Gabrielita?
How are we doing on the other side?
Ready for your debut?
Or did you shit in your new suit?
Thanks for the good luck wishes, Lucia.
Gentlemen! Please…
Thank you.
Shut the fuck up!
A wise old hag once advised me:
Smile like a queen on camera,
but with the confidence of a bitch.
Something I will always remember, Lucia.
Thank you.
GENTLEMEN, PLEASE SHUT UP!
- Quit the flirting!
- Thank you, Ara. Thank you!
- I’m ready for fuck’s sake!
- We’re going live.
You are watching…
The news that keeps you up to speed,
with Lucia De Leon.
Good morning!
And welcome back to AHORITA TV.
Our country’s best morning news program.
It is 7:15 AM, September 19th.
Live on location, inside one of the busiest
building complexes in all of Mexico.
Let’s take a look
at the exterior of the building,
which is only a few blocks
away from our studio.
Thank you so much, Lucia!
It’s a pleasure to introduce myself.
I am--
Mother Fuck!
I am Gabriela Maldonado,
live from Coyoacán.
Though we are booming
with new infrastructures,
we’re proud to preserve
so many classical buildings.
A lot of the older buildings
have been standing
since the early 1900s.
That’s right.
Catch Gabriela on the tour today at noon.
We’re very excited
because next month
this building will have a series of […]
that I’d like to announce--
Oh my goodness…
It’s shaking.
Lightly, but it’s shaking.
Lucia, better come here. It’s safer--
I’ll be OK, just wait--
Please stay calm. It’s still shaking.
Everything will be OK.
It’s getting worse, Lucia!
Anybody?
Say something, please!
Shit! I can’t reach it.
Fucking camera!
I’M RIGHT HERE!
I’M ALIVE!
DON’T MOVE!
Everything is falling.
Be careful.
Make space.
Calm down, sir.
We’re getting you out.
- Breathe.
- Boss!
I got a Code 51 over here.
Yes, give me a sec.
Shit.
We’re going to flip you around, OK?
Karla.
Eddie, come here.
Help me with this piece of ceiling.
Miguel…
Help me with the bar
to brace the weight.
- Fuck! I stepped on something.
- You OK?
Yeah, all good.
On three, OK?
One, two, three!
Now pull him forward.
One more time.
One, two, three!
- I got him, I got him!
- You got him?
- Are you bracing his neck, Eddie?
- Yes.
Get him sitting on
one, two, three!
What is your name? Look at me.
Luis.
Hi Luis.
I’m Karla, and I'm going
to check you out.
Look at me.
How many people are on this floor?
I don’t know.
There were five of us.
Lucia…
myself…
We have to get him out of here.
It’s collapsing. Eddie?
Find anyone else?
Nobody, sir.
The remaining floors above
are completely leveled
and we don't have
the right equipment.
We need to get outside.
Let’s go! On three!
One, two, three!
Let’s get out of here!
It’s collapsing!
LET’S GO!
- QUICK! IT'S COLLAPSING!
- You were right, Lucia.
The camera loves you.
Drop the fucking camera!
My whole life’s been dedicated
to filming behind the camera.
This is my story of real heroes!
What are you doing?! GO!
I’m trying!
Faster! Faster! Don't think, just run!
There’s a door right here!
One, two…
What’s happening?!
You doing OK?
This is going to fall on us!
No, it won’t.
I promise to get you out of here.
Boss, let’s go! Let’s go!
I’m coming!
We need to keep moving!
It’s gonna collapse!
- Faster!
- Run!
Dude! Take care of the old man!
Let’s fucking move!
It’s over here.
There’s stairs. Watch your step!
Wait, wait, wait!
Shit, watch the walls!
Watch the roof! The roof!
Eddie, we don’t have all fucking day!
Stop busting my balls, Miguel!
Luis, move or I’ll kill you myself!
- Let’s go! Run!
- I’m coming!
There’s a clear hallway!
Shit, the exit’s blocked!
- OK, move!
- We have to keep going!
- Be careful!
- Run, run, run!
Watch out for loose cables!
Come on!
Fucking Argentinian,
nobody understands your Spanish!
Your sister never complained!
There’s one over here!
Miguel, I need the bar!
Come on!
- Let’s go!
- Run!
There’s no fire…
- Everybody OK?
- Yes.
Stay right there.
Break it like a man, Miguel!
Door opens, you follow!
Break it!
Let’s go!
Shit, we are getting too low.
We have to keep going.
We can’t keep going lower.
What’s wrong?
THE DOOR IS JAMMED!
Here comes another tremor.
Luis, move! Move!
Don’t let me suffer, Karla!
Luis, don’t film this!
Javier, we’re getting you out of this!
Grab the bar…
Grab it!
Don’t fucking do this!
We are getting you out!
We have no time.
Boss, look at me.
You’re not dying like this.
I need you to focus.
How many fucking floors
or exits are in this building?
I don’t know!
There’s many… and a basement!
You need to get out of here.
- Karla. It’s not an order, I’m begging you!
- Don’t make me do this to you.
Focus!
- Say it.
- No.
- “First me.”
- No. No.
Say it! “FIRST ME!”
“First me!”
First me.
Then what?
Then me.
Then after?
At the end?
The end?!
Take it, Karla. End his pain.
We have to go!
Don’t think!
Do it, Karla!
- What comes at the end? Say it…
- And finally…
NOW, KARLA!
KARLA, DON’T!
…ME!
There’s an air duct over here!
Hurry, let's go!
Eddie, let’s go!
I’m sorry, boss.
Luis!
Can’t you see what happened?! GO!
She killed him. She killed him!
We’re right behind you, Karla.
I can’t see shit with this headlamp!
- Crack the emergency glow sticks.
- Yes, the glow sticks!
Take it.
I have a light. Here you go.
Karla, listen to me, please.
We’re gonna be OK.
But we have to keep going.
We can’t stay.
I promise we’ll get out.
But I need you to be strong.
Please...
keep going.
Do it for Javier.
For Javier.
I can’t breathe.
Let’s go, Luis.
I’m telling you I can’t. I need air!
Karla… Karla, right?
Please hold onto the camera a second.
I need my hands--
Motherfucker! Just drop
that fucking camera already!
I can’t with my hands anymore.
Please…
Just a moment. Hold it here.
Thank you.
Luis, take this.
Come on. Go ahead.
Are you fucking with me, Luis?
If you fart again,
I swear to god I’ll kill you.
Come on. Let’s move it, asshole.
Watch out! There’s a drop!
You all right?
Yes.
Hold on. Give me a sec.
Luis, you good?
Yes, I think so.
Take your camera.
What?
Your camera! I can’t hold it anymore.
- Do you hear that?
- I hear something.
It sounds like voices.
I hear somebody.
We gotta go.
- Let’s go check.
- We hear you. We’re coming!
- Come on, Luis.
- No.
Why not?
Didn’t you hear that?
You plan to stay here alone, or what?
Let’s go!
Watch your head.
Don’t touch anything.
It could collapse any moment.
No shit! You’re telling me!
Don’t touch anything!
What is this?
What is this place?
Those are pre-Hispanic paintings.
You see this?
Turn on your light!
My battery cut out. One sec…
I think I got it.
It can’t be…
Don’t touch anything!
Guys…
You see all the skulls?
Eddie!
Get out of the way.
- Eddie.
- Get away from there, Eddie!
That’s the wall of Mictlān.
What? The wall of what?
- Eddie.
- What’s happening?
- What’s going on?
- Eddie?
Stop it, asshole! You’re scaring us.
This is Mictlān.
What the fuck are you saying?!
Our God has risen from the underworld.
Put the bar down.
- Our king…
- Put the bar down!
will be compensated.
- Our God will feed and collect.
- Eddie, what’s happening to you?
Put the bar down!
EDDIE, NO!
What the fuck are you doing?!
The heart is my blood,
my gift, my welcome!
Karla, grab him!
Wall of Tzompantli.
Victims of war.
Display of savage victory.
What the fuck is that?
Step back into our lands of…
TENOCHTITLAN!
Karla! Grab the bar!
GRAB THE FUCKING BAR
FOR FUCK’S SAKE!
Oh shit! Run!
Wait for me!
Where are you going?!
No! Don’t leave me here!
Grab my hand!
Pull me harder!
I can’t!
My head.
What’s that sound?
My light…
My light!
Where is everybody?
Karla, where are you?
Where are the bodies?
Those big fucking hands.
Our Lord.
All powerful.
God of many names.
Mictlān.
Ixpuztec.
Nextepehua.
Tzontemoc.
Mictlantecuhtli.
Bless us with your presence.
Bathe us with your strength.
Mictlān.
Rise up.
Mictlantecuhtli.
Rise.
Rise!
RISE!
We are living in one of the most
terrifying situations of our country.
We haven’t seen anything like this
since the quake of ‘57.
Today, September 19th,
approximately 7:20 AM…
…will be a day to remember.